People Mod provides NPCs to be integrated in your own village, follow you and provide many trading items. 
Native Villages is focused on ambience. The villagers of this mod can be found in the specific biomes but 
wont follow you and some are even aggressive by nature.
As an additional challenge similar to Minecraft Creepers, you will find now exploding toads at night near the coastal regions 
of jungle, savanna and forest biomes.

This guide will shortly introduce you to the trading options of every specific tribe provided by the mod. 
All trading drops are random (Like in People Mod)

Arctic/Icelander Tribe:

Sledge Trader
Sells Ice Dogs and Dog Sledges for steel ingots.

Ice Villager 
Sells brown and white wool, leather and meat for iron lumps.

Sledge with Dog
Can be fed with meat(Mod Mobs Redo), dogfood or cooked dogfood.

Desert Tribe:

Villagers, Raiders and Rangers are aggressive and don't like to trade with you.

Desert Slave Trader
Sells Chicken Breeders, Cow Herders, Lion Trainers, Dancers and Loyal Cannibals for gold ingots.

Grasslander Tribe:

Grasslander
Sells milk buckets, mozzarella cheese, iron lumps, copper lumps, tin lumps and meat for bread, garlic bread and ethereal banana bread.

Grassland Witch
Sells cats and bags of exploding toads for diamonds.

Lake Tribe:

Lake Villager
Sells cooked catfish, strings, water buckets, salt and pearls for ethereal bananas, sugar, cocoa and bananas(farming).

Fisher
Sells domesticated catfish(can be bred) and pearls for gold lumps.

Savanna Tribe:

Witch Doctor
Sells tamed zombies for all graves found in People Mod.

Savanna Queen + King
Sells gold block for diamond.

Savanna Villagers
Sells pumpkin, vanilla, potatoes, pineapple, pepper, onion, peas, melon, cucumber and coffee beans for pearls.

Various Creatures:

Tamed Catfish
Can be bred with worm, seaweed, grass, cucumber, cabbage, ants, termite, fish food.

Tamed Zombie
Can be bred with dried human meat(Can be found in Jungle/Cannibal settlements).

Cow Herder
Sells domestic cows for various farming dishes.

Domestic Cow
Can be milked with a bucket, can be bred with wheat, grass, barley, oat, rye, carrot, beans and lettuce.

Chicken Breeder
Sells tamed desert chickens for various farming dishes.

Tamed Desert Chicken
Can be bred with wheat seeds, cotton seeds, barley seeds, oat seeds and rye seeds.

Lion Trainer
Sells tamed lions for gold lumps.

Tamed Lions
Can be fed with many kind of raw meat and fish. 

Grassland Cat
Can be fed with many kind of raw meat and fish. 

Dancers
Can be fed with various farming dishes.

Loyal Cannibal
Can be fed with dried human meat(Can be found in Jungle/Cannibal settlements).


It is useless to kill animals to be found in the villages, they wont drop anything and wont get tame to prevent cheating.